Roadmap.md, before:


# Radish Roadmap
----------------

This document outlines the development plan from a high level and will be updated as progress is made. 


## Phase 1: Radish Conversations - PRIVATE BETA
### March 2018 - COMPLETE

The primary aim of this initial phase is to continue development of the established Radish Conversation prototype application (WordPress/BuddyPress) to a standard that is fit for private beta testing with a limited audience.  In completing this phase, the intent is then to begin to attract key individuals--primarily technology developers and innovative visionaries--in order to accelerate the collective development of the Radish platform.

Goals in realizing this phase are:

    1. Fine tune graphics, UI, and layout for general purposes.

    2. Improve funtionality and look of commenting section (Reddit style).

    3. Insert general content (About page, etc).

    4. Implement a member beta access application process from the public home page.


## Phase 2: Radish Portal - PUBLIC BETA
### September 15, 2018 - IN PROCESS

The primary aim of this phase is to prepare the application for promotion to the general public as beta.  The intent here is to continue to attract and on-board key individuals--primarily technology developers and general visionaries--in order to accelerate the collective development of the Radish platform.

Goals in realizing this phase are:

    1. Implement conversational event management system.  This includes:
        - A community member events calendar for listing scheduled conversations in an organized manner.
        - An individual member events calendar for listing scheduled conversations.
        - Enhance the Create Conversation form and process to include the ability to create pre-recorded, live, or scheduled events utilizing Google Hangouts and YouTube, and allow for public / private settings.
        - Implement a conversation invitation system between members.  
        - Extend Conversation Detail page UI and layout to accomodate new features of the event mangement system, including affordances for allowing members to add events to calendar, join live conversations, and send invitation requests to join scheduled conversations. 

    2. Merge the Radish promotional website (radish.org) with the Radish Conversations social application (conversations.radish.org) into a single member portal giving access to all Radish content and functional features. This includes:
        - Integration of informational content pages, blog, image banners, etc with the conversation application.
        - New Radish portal home page layout.  
   
    3. Pre-populate and organize the Radish portal with quality content, including:
        - Pre-recorded video conversations, with many organized into fundamental series (Introduction to Radish, Social Club at the End of the World, Radical Collective Intelligence, Abrupt Climate Change, etc).
        - FAQ and How-To tutorials on what Radish is, and how to use various features of the conversation space.
        - A few fundamental blog posts under key categories (on topics such as the purpose and vision of Radish, Radical Collective Intelligence (RCI), Inside Radish, Solutions, RCI book shelf, RCI glossary, the Radish roadmap, and the Radish stack).  

    4. Implement conversation video transcription.

    5. Design and specify Solution Builder application (TBD).

    6. Testing and Quality Assurance (QA) of Radish portal.


## Phase 3: Radish Portal v1.0 - PUBLIC PROMOTION  
### 2018 - TBD

The primary aim of this phase is to promote a largely 'complete' initial Radish portal to the general public, increase membership, and stimulate member conversations and general participation.

    1. Produce a Radish promotional and "explainer" video, and insert onto Radish home page. 

    2. Organically stimulate and moderate increase in Radish conversations.

    3. Enhance and stimulate Radish social media access points:
        - FaceBook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, Google Plus, GitHub.

    4. Utilize and leverage Radish mailing list with relevant email campaigns.  

    5. Implement advanced search methods of Radish conversations.


## Phase 4: Radish Portal v2.0 - ENHANCE COLLECTIVE INTELLIGENCE  
### 2018 - TBD

The primary aim of this phase is to develop the Radish portal with new features and branch extensions that enhance Collective Intelligence (HI + AI = CI).  More information to be provided ...

Commit message:

add high level formula and methodology

Roadmap.md, after:


# Radish Roadmap
----------------

This document outlines the development plan from a high level and will be updated as progress is made. 

Overall, the Radish project is aiming to catalyze radical collectve intelligence (RCI) to solve real-world problems.  Our formula is that Human Intelligence (HI) combined with Artificial Intelligence (AI) results in greater Collective Intelligence (CI). HI + AI = CI

The development of the Radish platform follows a high level methodology and pathway:

1 - IDEATION (brainstorming): create a Conversational Space for human intelligence to be expressed and collectively brainstorm around global problems and solutions.  

2 - BUILDING (brainswarming): create a Solutions Builder for organizing, mapping, and clarifying whole system solutions from information gathered from the Conversation Space.

3 - MODELING (optimization): create a Global Holistic Modeling environment for testing and optimzing systemic solutions.  

4 - IMPLEMENTATION (delivery): create a system of delivering optimized systemic solutions into the real world.

___


## Phase 1: Radish Conversations - PRIVATE BETA
### March 2018 - COMPLETE

The primary aim of this initial phase is to continue development of the established Conversation Space prototype application (WordPress/BuddyPress) to a standard that is fit for private beta testing with a limited audience.  In completing this phase, the intent is then to begin to attract key individuals--primarily technology developers and innovative visionaries--in order to accelerate the collective development of the Radish platform.

Goals in realizing this phase are:

    1. Fine tune graphics, UI, and layout for general purposes.

    2. Improve funtionality and look of commenting section (Reddit style).

    3. Insert general content (About page, etc).

    4. Implement a member beta access application process from the public home page.


## Phase 2: Radish Portal - PUBLIC BETA
### September 15, 2018 - IN PROCESS

The primary aim of this phase is to prepare the Conversation Space application for promotion to the general public as beta.  The intent here is to continue to attract and on-board key individuals--primarily technology developers and general visionaries--in order to accelerate the collective development of the Radish platform.

Goals in realizing this phase are:

    1. Implement conversational event management system.  This includes:
        - A community member events calendar for listing scheduled conversations in an organized manner.
        - An individual member events calendar for listing scheduled conversations.
        - Enhance the Create Conversation form and process to include the ability to create pre-recorded, live, or scheduled events utilizing Google Hangouts and YouTube, and allow for public / private settings.
        - Implement a conversation invitation system between members.  
        - Extend Conversation Detail page UI and layout to accomodate new features of the event mangement system, including affordances for allowing members to add events to calendar, join live conversations, and send invitation requests to join scheduled conversations. 

    2. Merge the Radish promotional website (radish.org) with the Radish Conversations social application (conversations.radish.org) into a single member portal giving access to all Radish content and functional features. This includes:
        - Integration of informational content pages, blog, image banners, etc with the conversation application.
        - New Radish portal home page layout.  
   
    3. Pre-populate and organize the Radish portal with quality content, including:
        - Pre-recorded video conversations, with many organized into fundamental series (Introduction to Radish, Social Club at the End of the World, Radical Collective Intelligence, Abrupt Climate Change, etc).
        - FAQ and How-To tutorials on what Radish is, and how to use various features of the conversation space.
        - A few fundamental blog posts under key categories (on topics such as the purpose and vision of Radish, Radical Collective Intelligence (RCI), Inside Radish, Solutions, RCI book shelf, RCI glossary, the Radish roadmap, and the Radish stack).  

    4. Implement conversation video transcription.

    5. Design and specify Solution Builder application (TBD).

    6. Testing and Quality Assurance (QA) of Radish portal.


## Phase 3: Radish Portal v1.0 - PUBLIC PROMOTION  
### 2018 - TBD

The primary aim of this phase is to promote a largely 'complete' initial Radish portal to the general public, increase membership, and stimulate member conversations and general participation.

    1. Produce a Radish promotional and "explainer" video, and insert onto Radish home page. 

    2. Organically stimulate and moderate increase in Radish conversations.

    3. Enhance and stimulate Radish social media access points:
        - FaceBook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, Google Plus, GitHub.

    4. Utilize and leverage Radish mailing list with relevant email campaigns.  

    5. Implement advanced search methods of Radish conversations.


## Phase 4: Radish Portal v2.0 - ENHANCE COLLECTIVE INTELLIGENCE  
### 2018 - TBD

The primary aim of this phase is to develop the Solutions Builder application (more to come) ...
